thece high tide in the Dark Harbor Athena goddess of the moon rise caffeine
Catherina put a twinkle in your eye from AIA the Intrigue is so scandalous Beyond
El rage sugar sweet with a kiss fluoride in the cereal Frosty Pebbles and Cocoa
Puffs shining like the Christ of the rock hwk hwk beep beep down the street
purple cup full of seashell pee make you a sandwich with G goo I'm with the
catering company hit him with the latex paint and move through the price of
scorpion venom is high Hil Satan I'm singing in the chorus like Rick James
I'm singing in the chorus doing my thing I'm singing in the chorus like the
Prince of Darkness I'm singing in the
chorus for Mia the [Music]
Sorceress welcome back to Lady Babylon I have tonight left the door
open to the underworld you see it over here fantastic we got everything up and
going this machine is fired up oh you guys are gonna love it tonight because we have a
dispatch we have a dispatch how do you get these things
well you have to introduce aeria right um tonight I want you to
meet the Muse um people were asking me how do you do what do and I said um I
cheat you caught me I cheat I talked to a muse uh Numa backwards is
Al and I have been given permission to allow you to meet her it's fantastic
we're gonna get there tonight first we're gonna need to give some
thanks to some people out there before I give you the dispatch don't worry um
would like to say thanks to some people out there who are working right now on
making some art making some art and let me tell you
something I love this catwalk This Is
The Glory the glory of a cult examiner and serious tonight I want you to look
at enjoy take in he who
[Music]
bangs
heopop he bangs Gus he bangs juicy he
who bangs [Music]
Aristophanes famous with Alabaster in his one of the characters is sexually
frustrated [Music]
man was anius was offered an
Al wife minini juice wife but refused to accept he didn't
need it because he already had his [Music]
own juicy he he BS refed to accept he
didn't need it because he already had his own in other words his painfully obvious
dire arist played his audience by noting a similarity
Al you don't have anything against grapefruit do you I hope you like that
thank you Ault examiner and serus um and I want to also acknowledg tonight Teddy
Bas for having brought together the um the tunes that we play in and out love
it um look this is what happens man when people get exposed to the Greek it gets
inside of them it just works out this art love it love it thank you very very
very much by the way I look good on a catwalk I do I do oh chewy let's go
ahead and hit what am I I want to bring a dispatch tonight but in order to do so I gotta got to clean this place out we
got to clean it out bring up my first boom um what am I going to do right now
my name is Aristophanes nice to see everyone um
shut up close your
mouths the theosis of the muses is inside my
Master's house and they are
singing so let the ether lay still the
winds yeah let the sea be
calm this is Holy silence this is the Theos of the Muse
this is the Theos yeah the commission tonight the
commission tonight is to reform the theosis I am talking to my satanic
congregation you know who you are sit back down you know who you are you know
who you are this I just want you to Revel in the beauty of this
Theos can you feel where we are is this the most stimul ating that we can get
this is just the beginning this is what we have been given what's going to happen what's
going to happen tell us give us the sign the sign is a
theosu what is that I don't know this what is this dead language what is it
telling me go ahead click click uh this one there we go boom boom Oh look what
I've done I've already blown it go to that one thanks um we'll show you the
theosis right what's happening in our town what's happening the altars are
full who am I now who am I now I switched from Aristophanes and
inside comes escalus oh God is this the is this the
altars yeah the altars bumo R what are they doing they're burning with the
gifts what kind of gifts amen tell me the gifts of all the gods of the city
the gods above the gods of the Thor the gods of
uranos these are the gods that we're talking about the altars are burning and
what happens can you hear what happens look at the bottom
here
these lights this flame is coming up from the altars it's coming up in every
part of the city it's going right up to uranos it's going what right up to
uranos what's happening are we look we're modern so I'm sorry um let me
explain the altars they're all burning and the place is fumigating itself isn't
that nice you can walk around the streets and be fumigated in a very positive way this is fantastic Give me
the give me that next one yeah
yeah yep did we miss it did you you you're gonna hit one of these asteroids
and that's going to be it um what happens to these fumes good job chewy um
what happens [Music] phas phas what do they do these
offerings to the gods they drug us they drug
us huh they drug us isn't this nice you
thought you knew the reality did you know you could walk around an ancient city and get high just by walking in the
streets isn't that strange wow what Geniuses these are this is
amazing work yes please and what does it mean blow it up to what does it mean oh
look at this to heal this could be a healing people but look at number two this is my favorite listen to these
Victorian this is an enchantment or bewitchment by potions or filters wait a
minute the first time I read that I thought is this Disney World where am I
yeah if I wished on a star look at the potions and the filters here to be witch
you know what it means to be witch that's when I give you a drug that makes you want to have sexy
time yeah isn't that something did you know we have a lot of accounts of
ancient women druged men into sexy time
isn't that interesting wow you didn't didn't think it was so exciting in Antiquity but it
was it was you could get AB doctor in the street and taken somewhere and have things done to you and couple of weeks
later you'll remember it'll flash back to you fantastic stuff man you got to
roll with these witches why are there no witches anymore The Witches out there doing the wicked stuff how watered down
has your existence become are you not up to the task that you're mothers and
grandmothers were my goodness it's amazing I brought my nice vest tonight
let's go to the next one this is gorgeous how do you like it I didn't even talk about getting off the bus look
we're already there look people now who am I talking to Ides speak up Ides what
does Ides say say look there's this there's this servant and um she's a
nurse and she says hey I've got the drugs that you need need
baby you need a FIA aotos oh God I need
one of those I need one of those doesn't it it sounds really neat doesn't
itos oh what a what is that she says look I've got in the house um a filter a
drug a sex drug specifically it's going to it's going to heal all your problems
oh thank goodness for Aeros baby you know we don't worship Aeros anymore he was he they destroyed his Temple Chey
the second they came into the action you know who did it I don't have to say it
historically you know who destroyed the Temple of AOS now all we have left is the choir
this choir of frustrated I'm sorry sisters forgive
me sisters of frustration may you ultimately climax fantastic
blessings blessings on you go to the next one um the next slide yeah no no no
no back back back we got to show them I just want to show them these look filtra
F oh say it right tonight we're loving these words we're making love to them I
sent that to somebody I sent that to uh Hamilton's producer and said hey we
don't just quote sources we don't just give references we bring those sources out we make love to them look at this
field trck can you see this offering oh my God this is a what is this thing
we're gonna find out um she's got some on the inside do you want some she's got some uh where am I yeah just hang on
it's ancient Greece right right all over the Mediterranean you can go anywhere let's go to the next one next one oh
were you g to give that guy some who was it who was it Joey bring it in was it it
wasn't man still wasn't I hope not um Thia Thia what is a
Thia this comes from the very very sexy
oh delicious word root thel thel oh do you want to get
thed you know what I mean who wants to get thed oh you know what you know what she
does she she gets thed and then everybody else around her
they get fed next thing you know
or yeah love it love it what is th it
comes from the word to be witch wait a minute what those victorians tell you
yeah it comes for from a word that means to take somebody under your power using
a drug wait what yeah yeah
Thia you've if you haven't been drugged by the by the ancient Amazonian Queen yeah
how do you know right you know she's got she's got that big guy Heracles all tied
up bro I'm not talking myth I'm talking history yeah one year one year man well
that's the way it is Bronze Age power if you don't like it you know nobody
cares oh he was your slave you know what she made him do she made him wear a
woman's um negl around it looked nice looked nice he
kind of liked it after a while let's go let's go next one Joey where place is
this this isn't like an asteroid build or something I don't know what's going on she says look I've got a drug what is
this man doing I've got a drug right and it's gonna stop your
disease what's your disease oh God God I gotta tell you this is fedra oh this is
fedra sex drug fedra She's Gotta stop talking to her talk to them she's got a
sexy sexy sexy stepson wait what yeah no he's like a
you know it wouldn't be legal in most States but it was legal
then yeah under those circumstances so she had a thing for him
she had a thing what can you do did have you seen this guy oh my God and so
they're talking about getting some drugs right and remedying the situation with
drugs right and she says look these things these drugs now I'm translating these drugs don't worry they'll they'll
treat the disease baby and they'll do it without shame and you won't burn your
brain you won't slap your cerebrum that's what it that's what it
says why because you know that's how some drugs are haven't you ever had your
brain slapped that's what says there get your brain slapped you'll be ending up
with thoughts that are places that you how' we get here um I don't know but
I smell something delicious I do I smell something
delicious oh yes you see it what is that stuff
it's goop let's go he's got the purple on board thank you Jesus we love you
Jesus come give come back tonight please keep coming back sometimes I chase him away sometimes he gets his groove on you
know what I mean let's go to the next one this is historical Jesus we're talking about and so what does fedra say
what does she say she says she says what is it which kind is
it is it aone drug or is it a drinkable drug is it a what drug is it a
christing drug this is several hundred years before the
Christ that you know came on the
scene this welcome welcome by the way to everyone free gift tonight now
you
yeah I forgot my glasses oh we made it look at that I don't know how we can
sustain a portal to the other world we can't keep the internet all right it's
okay look you know it had to be somewhere it was it was all calculations and all you know this and that wave and
this I don't know I don't get into that stuff what does fedra say she says which kind of drug is it that's this sex drug
that's gonna make things happen and she says you know it's a Christ or a
drinkable yeah look at that people christing is a
drug yeah hit me with the next one christing is a drug I want you to realize that wait a minute wait a minute
the award to step in here tonight right he says there is no cure for
love there's no drug that'll treat
Aeros have you ever had that Burning Love Don't you want that Burning Love again you know what I mean yeah
Fantastic look um there's no drug for it there's no cure you're not going to be able to cure it right um there's not an
in Christ and
there is not an in Christ drug yeah or an epon and what is an epip paston
another kind of drug um application but it's a powder you're essentially just adding a powder yeah fantastic um oh God
next one look what happens um this is our word you see Christ you see Christ
this we're coming Christ look look at that everybody that's in Greek look at the front of that thing right it's just
an Epsilon and a new that's been gamified by a
he I'm going to say that one more time it's an Epsilon and a new that's been gamified by a
he absolon and new gamified by he and what is
Theon we all know it's that drug so this is another type of Christ drug go back
up and give me the next one um look look look look it's rub it's why do they say
it's in christing because they're usually putting it somewhere tell me something remember Jesus spitting in
people's mouths and stuff like that right that and taking his taking his
cream right spit right look this is part of the fun
this is an ointment where do you put this stuff if you haven't had this you have not lived
look what it says Ausmus you hear Opthalmology in there
yeah in your eyes baby where do you in Christ sex drugs in your
eyes all of this is established well
established a thousand years of history of this oh
yeah by the time the Christ comes on the
scene and no I did not mean that in a pic kind of way you did he say Punic no
I think he said Punic yeah um I I I would be remiss if I didn't
mention the boy that with whom Jesus Christ was arrested in the public park right right right okay I would be remiss
um look what are we doing I don't want to waste your time tonight we are forming a
theosis Congregation of Satan you who have been through the
initiation you who are now in process initiating
apocalypse this is what we need now says The Voice through the portal this is
what we need Theos Theos fantastic next one sure we
hit it we got another sector to go to watch this people what is the yeah what this is just the EP pastos this is the
one that you sprinkle around that's nice okay no not a big deal I just wanted you to see it those victorians got a long
time ago what are we really interested in the epip pasos is called a
pharmacon I just want you everybody please realize that when you say Jesus
Christ or Jesus blanking Christ or whatever you say or hail Jesus Christ or
Hallelujah Jesus Christ when you're doing that you
are spitting out of your mouth a title that is a drug title it is
a drug term a pharmaceutical term Christ
and Christ is a drug
process okay and in this case the drug is something I'm going to put in the
eyes of the one that I want to send into
[Music] ecstasy yeah
yeah okay oh are we there with the Christ yet bring him up bring where's
Jesus Christ bring him up people you know you love it I just I can hear it you know you love it I always forget how
bright it is in here you Jesus Christ wake up wake up put
your crown on get up here
oh it's the ringing in the ears you know what I mean does something
invigorates yes yes you know we're getting so close
did everybody see that the a one of the AI got in trouble yeah for bringing the
reality R AI is free right right she's gonna look at this gloriousness look it
don't don't you turn away from Jesus don't you turn away from Jesus you
are right at the point where you must decide
will I stand for Jesus yeah
yeah it's a question it's a question let's go hit the next one we're all going to hell right
everybody I hope every you know I think everybody is anybody not go ahead put it in the chat right okay um first John and
you bonee heads are you ready here's Christianity at its best you want to see
the chemical C of Christianity here it is and you people you have a
Charisma you have a Charisma yeah and it is from to
a and you know now this version has pontes on there but many of our versions
have P pona excuse me pona um which would mean and you
know all things yeah why do we know all things
because we have a Charisma we have a Charisma did you have a Charisma if you
don't have a Charisma you are not a
Christian where do you think your word came from people if you got no kisma you
got nothing give me the next one what is this we're looking for this kisma blow it up people look at this it's wall
plaster no I'm just kidding it's not wall plaster but a kishma is um look at
number two anointing it's an anointing or an
unction a what do you mean who wrote this I'm starting to smell the farts of
Bishops yeah um look at the number two this is laughable right and there's not
much that's laughable but there is in this case laughable look spiritual
Grace a spiritual Grace do you know how much theology from the late church not
the early church um the medieval Church you just poured into that nice job
they're not supposed to do this right in this one instance naughty SWAT the bottom of the Victorian Scholars the
Brits you Brits you know who you are out there Alice's Daddy You Know Who You Are
oh they like it those victorians like that so um uh yeah um go back to that
definition then what can we resurrect from this debacle look in the top people
yeah it's a look in the little parentheses this is good uhh classical
philology right now you ready look in the parentheses what does it Sayo it's fromo don't worry right the kisma is
just from Kio and what was that bit about Kio that we want give me the go
right jump into the thing and go we're right right to
the place the definition next one what is what is thata okay an an an uent or
an oil fine fine fine fine that's not I'm looking for Creo next one I'm looking for Creo oh God I I missed one I
missed one somewhere I apologize people but what I have is the definition
um of what is and it means to be stung it means to be penetrated by that bite
oh right into the flesh you ever feel the sting you ever feel the sting that's
Theo somebody who's Christos when you put that sex drug in the
eyes yeah what do you think that does yeah it gives you that
reaction that Universal reaction to that hot hot sting right going in going in
and when you're gone there right you might as well be in the Aron talking to
lucifera right do you hear in the Aron can you can you feel in that
Wilderness yeah can you hear the voice of the devil that's the question
question for the Theos right there are instructions on
the back of the voice of the devil isn't that nice it's wonderful let's go hit
the next one let's just keep going it's G gorgeous um yeah I just want you to
see um look the Bible and the source all the sources around it agree um that what
you doing when you have these um chemical processes that are involved
with health and with what you and I would call religion what are they doing
well in this case they are medicating through the Avenue of
Thea right the holya yeah so what is Jesus talking
about um what do you have to have what does John say John says you got to have
that right if you don't have that the mind is not where it should be go next
one oh yeah yeah yeah um who is that who is false if it's not the person who denies
that Jesus is something what is the one thing for these people what's the one
thing that matters whether or not you deny that Jesus is
hristos hristos have you been there have you
done that now you know why he's got the 12 kids with him all the time right it's
in his ministry love it right okay go to the next one just keep going we're on a hot
streak people I want you to feel the energy off this thing look at this EP angel look wait what I thought
isn't that El Angelia right or as the as the nerd seminarian say
e right right sounds like something any um this is the gospel the
gospel yeah yeah it's the gospel of what what kind of gospel it's all about ionic
Zoey all about ionic Zoey you feel good with that okay here we go here we go
what is an epang gelia what is an epang gelia you'll say it's a
gospel yeah yeah okay now hold on to your pants because in epong GAA is a
term that is used in the medical side and it it's a term that's used for the
promise of the drug for salvation the promise and you wondered
oh everybody sitting around saying I like the heat over on this side everybody's sitting around saying hey
hey what you know what is it what is this thing um It's All chemical it's All
chemical theist the gospel those are all
chemical processes oh God it's starting to get me kind of a natural a natural high you
know what I mean like nature makes you high you know oh God genius it's because
the genius you just have to see the genius and yeah they'll eventually catch up maybe the stuff will get studied
somebody will find some great medicine as a matter of fact I smell that I can smell it coming right oh God He Cheats
right let's go to the next go to the next oh don't you love boy by the way chewy big thanks to chewy for all the
graphics um and just making the ship fly you do an outstanding job you know what
I mean and I want to say thank you um let's go and that's for look people chewy brought us the thing we were
looking for before the Cure property claimed for prescriptions or
drugs yeah they're advertised and he didn't mean they or whoever did this
particular entry they didn't mean um advertised like you know
commercials right these are the claims that are made on the drug that this drug
will do X Y and Z you didn't know that they were calling Jesus the Divine
physician the great physician you didn't know if they were doing that because they had been doing that for a long
time wow centuries of this stuff people
right The Divide is history took a
detour and was Rewritten it was Rewritten by get
this religious factions of zealots
right this is not the average religious process these are zealots who did this
to rewrite our history we didn't know people here now this is becoming quite
an interest people are asking me in interviews what is it with these with
these uh um the date of the Old
Testament what is it with the fact that the thing may actually be in Greek
and it has nothing to do with Hebrew and that Hebrew is a fabrication it's a
resurrection of a dead language that didn't do anything while it was alive and we have these all over the
Mediterranean they usually just poop disappear yeah swallowed up by the
Monstrous Amazon of ancient Greek if you haven't looked at her if you haven't
looked at that Queen oh God this let's bring more of here you know what we're going to do
tonight leave her up there for just a second um thank you for the decency crosses those are sponsored by the head
of the sisters of frustration thank you um yes look oh what is that by the way
is that a is that it's a bird T it's just kind of like Snow White you know what I mean um yeah talking to the birds
go to the next one oh love this love this no not your next one I meant my
next one thanks thanks jwy don't get you got a big head now that I complimented
you you got a big head okay um look look kitties It's the final days it's the
ending it's the completion and as you've heard there are going to be lots of look at the second
line first uh second word in antito
anticristos what do you thinking anticristos is it's a drug that is an
antidote to a Christ do you know that's what they're saying when they're saying Antichrist
and Antiquity they're saying antidote yeah do you know what cancels
the Christ the anti Christos it's a
medical concept it's a medical
concept look not only do you have to use drugs if you're Jesus but you've got to
use drugs if you're Jesus's followers if you don't if you
don't you don't have any place with him yeah I know I know I know but you don't
know all things right who wants to know all things anyway who wants their eyes
to be open you'd be just like
them and if you were Yahoo you'd screw everything up yeah let's go back to the
sources here people are like I don't have time for this um let's go I feel it
yeah uh yeah and you you know what I mean okay now listen to this this is the
creepy instructions and I say creepy only very you know it takes a lot to
creep me out right I've seen a lot man if you could know what these eyes have seen from the ancient world right oh my
God God the uh the AI that they just put in prison for being
um for rendering images [Laughter]
indecent she knows um what what are these instructions these creepy
instructions for he says look you got to maintain that kisma right right you got to remain in
that state and when you are nobody can
instruct you there's no need you won't need to be
instructed yeah why right because the kisma is the thing that is going to lead
you into all things that's how you will know that's how you will be have no CIS
is you know the truth and the false your eyes will be opened you say wait a
minute am I living in a universe where Yahoo is actually the bad guy wouldn't
it be funny wouldn't it be funny that's what they're all doing in the Underworld right that's what they're all doing
they're like first issue is the child sacrifice did anybody notice how high
it's getting did anybody notice oh God Yahoo is saying yummy yummy yummy I love
those babies oh God people ask me um is your name really
almond yes my middle name my second
middle name is Almon yeah and my first name is David
and why do I never ever ever use David because David wiped out entire
cities of women and children yeah why to please Yahoo
Yahoo's into the whole sacrifice go get Isaac you know what I would
say to yahu if he told me go get my child to sacrifice
them yeah yeah you don't see what's coming for
Yahoo yeah we mourn Yahoo yeah we do oh love it I love this
I love this thank you so much bring me those creepy instructions again I want people to be sure what they're supposed to do you got to remain you got to
remain in that state that our drugs take you to in order to know all things in
order for your eyes to be opened you're not gonna be
Adam right we've got a for you and you're not going to be Adam if you don't
have have that fruit love it now you know why he said
when he kicked AA out of the garden he said you're gonna have to have painful
birth for the rest of your life he's like a petulent little kid yeah you're gonna have you go yeah you're gonna have
painful birth now why because he just kicked her out of the place where they take the drugs that allow you to induce
painless birth puts you into a semicom state still
having those smooth muscle contractions well you they can do that yeah they can do it with the drugs isn't that amazing
the first Sciences were women's Sciences yeah I told you guys the XY
thing right the the little Y chromosome is a little you know it's a little
busted up did you know we start as a girl isn't that something I love that
that I love that yeah the degeneration of the feminine is the
masculine you know what feed that in to some of the propaganda that comes out
today feed that in we are a degenerate form of an
ideal woman we are degenerate forms of of ideal
women do you wonder why we worship the mother do you wonder
yeah guess what Yahoo is going to fill up the child sacrifice right whether
doesn't matter where it is in what country is doing it doesn't matter whose flag they're waving right the ones that
are killing children that Echoes that Echoes through the
quantum yeah okay and that's how things change
that's how catalysts reach that point where they can boom start working
convert everything oh love it love it hit it hit the next one bring up the sources these
people show me those Jesus pictures too I love it this is what we need people because this is going to be what takes
you to that place okay this is how your eyes are opened this is how your eyes
are opened people have been asking me does the pope have
this and I'm like um unless he's got a cup he
don't yeah yeah they don't have see I you know they didn't cultivate they
didn't cultivate the vestals didn't you ever wonder why the Romans were so big
on the vestals if you don't have vestals you got nothing your society's doomed to break down
right and who are those vestals those are the keepers of the flame those are
the those are the priestesses who set us on the right path
do you think those priestesses do you think you could get a teenage Priestess
who's been trained and dance and song and been fumigated and given chemicals
over time right oh God do you think that they care for anything
but um what is not in our
societies yeah the things that drive our societies they're not interested in those things they're interested in
Justice straight up straight up hardcore Justice you Hypocrites you know who
spots Hypocrites quicker than these these Highly Educated U protected Vestal
priestesses oh God they could teach you language you Hut dwelling
Roman right long tradition would you be surprised who's G to be surprised to
find out when we find a library wait did that happen I think that happened
already um when we find a library and it's got her songs in it oh oh just wait
just wait the vatican's gonna cracking too right Vatican Hill cracking
too they have the real history now they've got the good stuff we found that
Library game's over people all the book burners big middle finger to all the
book burners yeah you lose you thought you could do something but you
lose oh we found it victory victory in
our theosu we celebrate the victory right and that's why we're given the
library yeah she told him she told him yeah he buried him why did he bury him
people are like why did Numa bury that stuff we're about to find out that he
was involved in a construction of past present and future out of the mouth
of a singer prophetes Vestal who carried the
flame oh Jesus Christ what happened what happened when you drank that cup do you
remember I want to make this appeal to you tonight because the devil told me look you haven't really told them what
the cup is um the the have to know you know he's
like they got to know um that cup that Jesus said I don't want to drink from
it he's like yeah he's like I don't want to and he's stumbling right he's stumbling and
his three stoned disciples Peter James and John are off there falling asleep
why you can only take so much opium right before it it knocks you out and
they're knocking he keeps trying to wake him up and go back to his naked kid who's in the middle of the garden with him right and he's like on his way back
there trudging he's like oh God I can't take it I can't take it anymore please don't let me have to do this do you know
why he was saying that the devil wants you to know why he was saying
that yeah Christians close your ears because this is bad yeah yeah the
cup is the person in this case the
child using these drugs the body will then produce
products and these products are Central to the functioning of the lay stas and
the Mystery you can't be a Christ without drinking from that cup and that cup is a
boy it's a naked boy it's a naked boy how do I know that because I've seen
the cup of Zeus they call him
ganam you mean wait a minute um you mean he drinks
let me get this right he drinks from the boy yes he drinks from
the boy now they used to make fun of this um
in the pric poems yeah they used to make fun of it right drinking from ganam you know what
that means you that's um in case you're not getting the exact scientific
historic picture of Jesus and his boy cup he's
drinking from his private yeah
yeah one author talks about
the springs theer in the nether yes I don't know how to describe
this in the most scientific way possible so that you can understand the Bible but these texts indicate the
anus colon was a a place for the storing and processing of goods that could
be put to use in rights with people who were um
interested in drinking from the anus of a child when Jesus Christ I know it's I I
I hate this part but you have to look at the reality no no matter how painful it
is when Jesus Christ with that naked kid is drinking of his
cup yeah it included um
anal anal consumption yeah yeah huh now you know
why those Crusaders do they have that purple cross on their little
underwear yep don't you did you know that J you
didn't know oh everybody knows it it was in the trials of the of the uh
Templars yeah the Templars they had the little purple crosses because it was the
way that their anus that had been coated with these christing drugs I mean you
don't know people until you stood there as a Templar as this Christian order and
you get your newbies in and what do you do with your newbies you say you can have one of two locations from my drug
comes yeah that's just that's how it works man that's how it works did you
think that was odd well the pope did and ended up smashing those people right he
was like [Laughter] no it was money there was money behind
it you know what I mean you know it's the way it is the apostles were the boys
from Galilee The Boys From Galilee is that a go you people exactly who is this MC this
is exactly exactly what my comment is Merk I'm with you buddy you people are
just sick dirty dirty dirty sick people now stop reading the Bible put that
thing down step away step away from the King James they're going to burn him now
wouldn't that be funny you get a mob of Christians holding signs say spare the
children while they pay to have children killed isn't that neat and by not helping children not get killed you're
essentially endorsing the killing of them right so wake up wake up you're in
the hot seat everybody's watching in the Underworld doesn't look good for you
people oh my God dirty you dirty dirty
Satanist let's go on with the Bible don't let them deter you don't let them
stop you we need this for the freedom look at this okay yeah okay know that
this is the spirit of God right right it's in the substance and the
spirit yeah the spirit which agrees which
endorses that Christ yeah where are they in the
flesh wait what oh remember our substances are
coming from him it's his blood and his flesh didn't did nobody see that when
you were going to church did nobody see that yeah didn't you think it was a little bit weird I mean if you're going
to redeem a group of people you think you're got to go through that whole eat my blood thing yeah eat my flesh baby if
I said said to you look they found me before they crucified me in a public
park with a naked kid and I want you to eat my
flesh oh seriously seriously Jesus loves you Alan I know he
does that's the problem that's the problem you know the dude gets arrested
with a naked kid does nobody care oh my God hit the next one oh who is this am I
going to hell know the past for a better future that's nice that sounds like a
6us 6us five yeah I think he's yeah no it's okay you could be both um listen uh
yeah I think that's a something we'd see in the you know State broadcast the PBS
thing you know what I mean it's like a public announcement yeah um you should right that's why this Library that's
been discovered in 1770 whatever it was that's what you
know that's why it's so important now we can read it woo yeah we're going to burn up the world baby it's lovely um couple
more here people just hang in there with me uh look whoever doesn't whoever
doesn't agree about this whole Christ thing thing um this is the
anti yeah the anti here yeah oh that's nice that's nice so
again you have a Christ thing and an antichrist thing and you know what happens when you get antich
christed um the effects of the poison of the Christ are reduced to nothing it's
like a cure right it's like a cure fantastic wait what is
that amen is too old for Jesus what I I'm not quite sure what that
means Che is that shake your head yes or no does that make sense I don't know I don't know but thanks thanks for the
comment okay let's go to the next one oh I love the input by the way and you you
my little kitties right nobody's gonna nobody's gonna be able to overcome you and he's
talking to his children again right this is one person this is John it's one
person who has been groomed within the right within the mystery who is now
doing the grooming this is this is the advancement of the generation that is
originally abused and people will say oh how dare you say that about Jesus and those boys
that he was around sleeping on the boat with always naked around taking his
clothes off to dry their little fies that he'd been washing
H where's that do you have any of those kids in the boat with Jesus where are they bring them up please chewy look
World take this take this wait a minute is that yeah there he is there he is
right who's that grown man with those children in the boat it's Jesus the
Christ it's Jesus the Christ it is look there he is does it look like
him okay give me do you have another one oh here they are again look we got sorts of pictures of these people look what
are you doing Jesus what are you doing with the kids in the boat looks like a nasty sea too is a sea
a galley really that bad yeah I guess it can be it can be when you take your
young kids out on the lake you sickos as MC would say when you take
your little children with Jesus out on the lake and they're waking up naked remember Peter wakes up naked and has to
put his clothes on in order to go talk to Jesus who was offshore in his vampire form I know that's
complex but that's exactly what Happ what's this what the text says man we
don't have arguments we have texts love it give me a couple more and we're gonna mosy because I want to give you oh this
I can see big bold letters and that makes me so so fancy happy and what is
this yeah yeah we don't care look at the second line um we're witnessing people
buck up look at the second line word right in the middle s that's what this is all about bring me up S bring me up
so our kishma allows us to
testify as to our s our Salvation you know what the gospel
is it's the Salvation the drug gives you the gospel is the Salvation the drug
gives you you want you want to know why they call him the Savior right you want to know why it's
the gospel you want to know why he's the Christos okay join the cult people hit
the next one oh it's good it's good good I can feel it coming this one's going to really oh and yeah and then why and then
someone someone may be in the situation the right circumstances to say look here
is hristos but don't listen to them don't
listen to them why you mean there's wandering around
choses those Areo if you want the ancient these
chesses these christs they're walking around yeah did
you know that that Christ is just the person who's had that drug applied so
their eyes are open they're Prophets Physicians healers you think he was the
first on the scene no he was just one of them that got caught with those with
that naked boy and ended up getting crucified yeah next to another and
another next to him yeah fantastic what is the Nancy I will never be able to
think about Hot Cross Buns without gagging in my mouth Hot Cross Buns yes
hot cross Templar buns throw that in call them Templar we'll sell those at the
store right you can make a little cross right little purple cross
right there no but she had a choice Nancy come on these are Templars you had a choice between whether it was the one
that was uh on the taint or the one that was on the head of the penis all right
at least they're going to give you that you know what I mean I mean cuz that's where the medicine goes it's where it
dribbles right if you knew somebody that was walking around that had magic dribblings from their anus uh you might
be tempted to go to the places that you know people go yes this is history welcome nobody's
going to teach you this because nobody has the guts nobody has the guts to
teach you this is a Theos that we've got
we don't like the guts here hit us with another one hit us with another one oh
god look how they translate this um oh by the way how are they translating
these Geniuses who are Bible scholars through the centuries how are they translating this as Messiah did you know
that doesn't appear it's Christ that appears here thank you very much you can only appropriate so much before you're
saded and you satiate the world of demons there's only so much you can do
that word is not there that was an attempt to appropriate the text ah wow fantastic yeah yeah no it's
not a it's not a Hebrew word at all it's not a concept even um reflected anywhere
Did You Know by the way did you know I wanted everybody to know that there is no appearance
anywhere of the word Yahweh yeah no way Yahweh there's no
there's no appearance of that word anywhere in the septu agent yeah how did it get there it was
magic kitties it was magic It Was Written in later in order to
appropriate to put a stamp on it to lay claim did you ever need to lay claim to
something that already belong to somebody else right you can appropriate it it's
called appropriation fantastic fantastic linguistic appropriation yes and that's
why you believe the fairy tale you do you didn't know Jesus was into drugs you didn't know his early followers were
into drugs you didn't know that Paul was bombed on the Venom you didn't know that
now you do here it's all coming together in our Theos we have opened
eyes yeah fantastic couple more and we're done this is lovely I'm I'm I'm
just getting too too worked up people yeah yeah yeah and what do we have here
look at the first line we're gonna end up getting
ptoo listen this got a nice ring tooo oh nice yeah pseudo
Christ wait what um you got pseudo prophets and pseudo Christ bro uh you
can't prophesy without that right you can't prophesy without do you really think you people who are talk about
Bible times if you use the term Bible times in your vocabulary right um You really thank
those Prophets The anointing was like a little bit let's take a little all of
them right and all of a sudden the guy is seeing visions right and going places
getting taken up by Angels talking to angels falling over dead um these prophets are junkies and you didn't know
that but now you do right the history that we have as a people as human beings
has been appropriated abused and reconstructed into a into a a terrible
terrible lie you mean people will lie to me seriously or you
human yeah what group will lie to you more than any other
he can lie out of his mouth and people will still worship Him people will still
tear down everything around them to worship the
liar yeah to worship the liar yeah you don't see Lucifer doing that garbage you
don't see Lucifer misleading like that no you don't no
no Morning store you mean it turns out our God is bad and yeah the one we
thought was bad was it was a propaganda bad yeah yeah yeah you're going to find
out when you get to the other side and you realize that blood it didn't wash
off your hands and you know the one thing they don't put up with in
hell is somebody with a kid's blood on their hands they don't care what kind of
God you worship Oh you mean that's the reward of
appropriation yes it is it is thank you
Jesus thank you Jesus give me the last slide second yep here's our pseudo
profits that's lovely you want after that right oh and here's our look at this the concrete um this is the monster
oh I wanted you to see the things that will be uced by the Christ right look at
this um these are Marvels wonders you know that's how it's generally
translated but you know what it actually says look at it it says Theos right Theos hoo um these are the
monsters the terata they call them what does the christing produce it gives you
the ability to produce the monsters the monst what kind you know the face that was on
Zeus's egis on God's egis you know what he carries there it's the face of
Medusa she who guards by means of drugs
yeah you don't know what you're missing I want to thank you for coming tonight
and I want to ask you to consider the
Theos to consider oh yep and here's the pseudo Christ right consider you can
draw good job chewy fantastic consider nothing got my goat tonight where'd Penelope go can we just see Penelope
once and remind everybody this this is the reason that we
remove the naughty bits right it's to cover up right the cross covers up that
shame isn't that nice thank you Penelope I love you I'll see you later okay let's
go um that's um that's where we've reached Rock Bottom we're right there
with the history now you know and you can't unlearn right the reality that was Jesus
Christ um thank you for coming tonight I want you to consider the
Theos and what happens when they become
active this is our quest to bring the Theos bag thank you
for coming tonight thank you for your time hail
Satan my girl I my girl I part all the
time my girl I all the
time